.TH MUON-RTS 6 muon-rts\-$VERSION
.SH NAME
Muon \- a new kind of RTS

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B muon\-rts

.SH DESCRIPTION
Muon is a real time strategy game currently under heavy development.
The game has an unusual twist – there are no moving units. To win the game,
you must conquer your opponent using only static buildings!
.P
The game is fairly minimalistic but offers many opportunities for cunning
plans, tricks and tactical badassery. Games are usually not long, but very
intense. Because of the lack of movable units, you will need to make sure
that every building counts!
.P
Are you going to outsmart your enemy, sneaking into the back of their base
to snipe their generator silently? Or are you going to go for a map full of
construction yards and overpower your enemy by sheer numbers, like a flood
wave? Or are you looking for that technological advantage that can just be
gained with a few cluster bombs delivered with surgical precision?

.SH BUILDINGS
There are five
.B "normal buildings"
in the game:
.IP *
You start with a
.B Generator
and you cannot build a new one. This building generates energy for all of your
other buildings, and without it, the war is lost!
.IP *
The 
.B Pylon
picks up weak energy signals and amplifies them. This essentially provides an
extension to the power field which all of your buildings depend on. Buildings 
do not function properly if not within range of a Pylon or the Generator.
.IP *
The
.B Scout
is a basic fighting unit and watch tower. The Scout is very effective for
exploring the map or forcing your will during simple territorial disputes.
.IP *
The
.B Attacker
is a strong military building armed to its teeth. An Attacker is effectively
applied when a situation takes a turn for the exceptionally hairy.
.IP *
The
.B Wall
doesn't look like much, but it is solid as a rock and cancels out the enemies
power grid, which prevents their further mobilisation across the terrain.
.P
There are also three
.B "special buildings"
which can be placed on a few
.B "strategic points"
(control points) on the map.
.IP *
The
.B Conyard
is a construction yard which works diligently with your building construction,
cutting down on your building times. The more construction yards you have,
the faster you can build.
.IP *
The
.B "Missile Silo"
gives you the ability to drop a devastating cluster bomb anywhere on any
visible location of the map. The more Silos you have, the faster in succession
can you drop the bombs.
.IP *
The
.B Radar
gives you the ability to expose any part of the map for a short period of time.
The more radars you have, the faster in succession can you reveal parts of
the map.

.SH USAGE

.SS Mouse
.TP
.B Left mouse button
Activate menu buttons, place buildings and select buildings on the map.
Clicking twice on a
.B Scout
or
.B Attacker
will allow you to manually target their attack on a specific building.
.TP
.B Right mouse button
Cancel buildings and cancel building placement.

.SS Keyboard 
.TP
.B WASD
Move the map display around. Hold down
.B Shift
to move faster.
.TP
.B "1..5"
Activate corresponding building button in sidebar Hold down
.B Shift
to cancel the corresponding building.
.TP
.B "Delete"
Delete the selected building (provided it is owned by you).
.TP
.B Tab
Toggle visibility of the chat window.
.TP
.B Escape
Open the in-game menu.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR muon\-maped (1)
.BR muon\-server (1)

.SH BUGS
Since Muon is a fairly young project, still under heavy development it is most
likely to contain many bugs. If you find one, or have a suggestion for a new
feature; submit an issue to our issue tracker at
.I "https://github.com/slaeshjag/Muon/issues"
